so around here there are loads of
burrows of rats and those animals can be
very very fast that's what the fierce
snake needs to do is to bite them inject
enormous amounts of very very toxic
venom and stop them moving very quickly
drawing the body into an S shape
prepares the snake for a strike like a
coiled spring with lethal potential the
venom is is very complex but the main
constituent part is what's called a
neurotoxin that is a toxin that affects
the nervous system and it's very very
fast-acting this snake is an absolutely
remarkable condition
it's about as perfect an example of this
species as you will ever see I've been
catching snakes for most of my life and
I've seen some of the most impressive in
the entire world
but this for me is the most special it's
an absolutely phenomenal hunter very
rare very difficult to find and the most
venomous snake on earth there is no
doubt that the fierce snake has to go on
the deadly 16
you